Qatar Airways logo	Oneworld logo
Up to 30%* off.
Experience a journey like never before.
Book now   >

Dear Sudhir Rajabhoj, 

Fly with us and find yourself in a world you have only ever imagined. Do not miss out to take advantage of our incredible offers and experience travel like never before.

Book by 6 May 2019 for travel until 31 March 2020 and save up to 30%*.

We look forward to welcoming you on board.

Qatar Airways
Book now   >
Book a Stopover in Qatar

Experience desert safaris, cultural tours, shopping, golf, beach breaks and more with an incredible stopover in Qatar, before your onward journey. With visa-free entry for 80 nationalities, you can stay up to four nights in one of Doha’s four or five star hotels, from just USD 23 per night.
Book now   >
A350-1000 with the Doha Skyline
Discover Gothenburg
Student Offer

Qatar Airways introduces an exclusive offer for students travelling from India to USA & Europe. Book until 31 March 2020 and travel until 31 December 2020 to avail additional baggage allowance.
Book now
Special offer for senior citizens

Qatar Airways is pleased to offer up to 15%* off to passengers who have attained the age of 65 years on the date of booking.
Book now
Learn more
Discover Gothenburg
Earn Double Qpoints
Privilege Club members can earn double Qpoints* in premium when they book their tickets by 6 May 2019 for travel until 31 March 2020. Registration is required

Not yet a member? Join now.


Privilege Club
Book a hotel
Rent a car
Affiliate programme
Facebook	Twitter	Google+	LinkedIn	YouTube
Instagram	Flickr	Tumblr	Snapchat	VK.com
Qatar Airways Tower 2, Airport Road, PO Box 22550, Doha, Qatar
If you would like to receive fewer emails from Qatar Airways, you can modify your preferences or unsubscribe to stop receiving special offers.
* For terms and conditions of our current promotion and special offers, visit the Qatar Airways website.
All rights reserved. © 2019 Qatar Airways. Going places together.




Reply, Reply all or Forward




